Today on Drinks with Dîablø we're making
the Watermelon Margarita.
TheFNDC.com presents Drinks With Diablo
The Watermelon Margarita Recipe
Alright, welcome back to Drinks with Dîablø. This is your host Jöhnny Dîablø.
And we are continuing Margarita week with the Watermelon Margarita.
And here's what you’re going to need.
I already have a glass rimmed with Margarita salt .
You’re going to need about 3 and a half cups watermelon,
some Grand Marnier, some fresh limes,
a little bit of sugar, tequila of course
and here's your blender. There's just a little
tiny bit of ice, so maybe like a half of a cup.
You might not even need that much.
Okay so, let’s get started.
Lets go ahead and add - and this is going to
make probably about three,
maybe like four of these.
So if you want to cut back the recipe,
just cut it back but
if you’re making Margaritas, you’re probably going to have friends over.
So, 3 ½ cups watermelon.
Okay, we’re going to add four ounces of our tequila.
Okay, two ounces of Grand Marnier.
You can use triple sec but
this is just how we roll here.
Just use quality whenever possible.
OK, then you’re going to want to
put the juice from half of a lime in there.
So let’s squeeze this out.
[ fresh lime juice > bottled lime juice ]
Then we add two teaspoons of sugar.
And this is just – I’m just using super fine sugar
[ tongue-tied for a moment ]
This is what I use to make simple syrup with.
So then we just blend her up.
Let’s try.
Here?
>> Inferno: Yeah.
>> Dîablø: Okay, so this is all blended up
and let’s – as I said, this is going to make
probably like 2 or 3, maybe 3 or 4.
This looks like a lot.
But it’s OK. That’s OK.
That’s what friends are for, right?
So we’ve got that, and guess what?
Ms. Amy Inferno
has done me up a nice little skewer
of watermelon, kiwi, and lime. Like that.
So let’s try this bad boy and see.
Hmm, this is pretty good.
The salt is the first thing that hits me,
but you can use sugar if you want [ to rim the glass ].
It’s very watermelon-y,
the tequila –
Let me try that again. Hold on.
The tequila is kind of subdued, but then
it comes in, like in the aftertaste.
Overall, it’s pretty good.
I think the Grand Marnier adds an extra little kick.
There’s just a little tiny hint of lime.
But this is an exceptional Margarita.
This WILL get you tanked.
Perfect for Cinco de Mayo or summer.
Alright, if you want to find more drink recipes like this,
you know what to do. Subscribe to our YouTube channel.
We’re posting new drink videos all the time.
And stop on by our regular website, TheFNDC.com ~!
Thanks for being here, and as always,
Happy Drinking !!
Watermelon Margarita recipe ~
3 ½ cups cubed watermelon,
4 oz tequila blanco, 2 oz Grand Marnier,
½ oz fresh lime juice, 2 tsp sugar,
Fruit garnish, Salt or sugar for rimming.
Drinks With Diablo
A Presentation of
TheFNDC.com